1. I find myself wondering [2 images]
2. Did i arrive already filled with love?
3. Or did it grow 
4. blossoming as i did
5. An outcome of experience.

6. What I can say...is that I am
7. ...because you are
8. Hearts, building on hearts, building on hearts… 


9. Did you know that I carry of heart pieces of you??
10. It’s a critical part of who i am.
11. and the way in which i love others
12. and the way i love you
12. I cannot help but love all the people who’ve loved you before
14. And those who love you now

15. it’s what makes you who you are
16. and how it is that you have loved me
17. Perhaps one day, some short or long day from now
18. We'll meet again

19. And speak to each other 
20. Of the hearts we’ve met
21. Between now
22. And then…

23. Kahlil Gibran On Love
     “think not you can direct the course of love, for love, if it finds you worthy, directs your course.
24. Love has no other desire but to fulfil itself.
25. But if you love and must have desires, let these be your desires:
26. To melt and be like a running brook that sings its melody to the night.
27. To know the pain of too much tenderness.

28. To be wounded by your own understanding of love;    
29. And to bleed willingly and joyfully.    
30. To wake at dawn with a winged heart and give thanks for another day of loving;    
31. To rest at the noon hour and meditate love’s ecstasy;    
32. To return home at eventide with gratitude;   
33. And then to sleep with a prayer for the beloved in your heart and a song of praise upon your lips.




#Other poems

## Forough Farrokhzad "Let us have faith in the beginning of the cold season"

I will abandon all lines
and the habit of counting with numbers
i will leave the geometric confines of shapes
to roam the sensual expanses of vastness.

i am naked, naked, naked, naked
Like silences in between passionate words,
I am naked.
And all my wounds have been inflicted by love
Love, love, love
This wandering island I have rescured from the storm in the ocean
and carried thorough volcanic eruptions.

Falling apart was the secret of the unified existence
Of whose most meager pieces
A sun was born.


##Forugh Farrokhzad "Window (Panjareh)"

1. when my life was no longer anything,
2. I discovered that I must, that I absolutely had to love madly.

3. one window is enough for me,
4. one window to the moment of consciousness and looking and silence.
5....Is not the earth that trembles under your feet
lonelier than you?

6. ...say something to me.
7. does the person giving you the tenderness of a warm body
8. possibly want anything else from you besides the sense of being alive?
9. say something to me.
10. In the refuge of my window
11. I am linked to the sun.
